people said john doe young people we get
found for a little video about
stricken waiting for you that it
is fine for as you say it will
nickel I have the potato and so we are
gone for a little video on destiny
tutorial in cropped 33 hard levels
how to kill this moment is wearing a
bastide in just two swords and
only be careful two fallen by and
peace because I know a lot who
know how to bring croque wrong in two
ep but three fell by ep there i'm going
you only learn it
started with two fallen by ep there
who knows how to do it I know
because I've already seen but it's
rather rhin and I'm going to you
learn how to do it then I will you
say right before we start
it's a fairly complex technique or to
you have to have a beast clips
with whom you are used to playing
you will not do it with anyone
because you have to know your allies
to know how often they are going
to fall when etc is to talk to each other it's a
nice work of equipped
but finally when you control her this
technique you go a lot less
galley for Copts to 33 at least in
time term though if you are
very very well did she if you are very
comfortable with the technique and you
use already, ie pass them
ogres and kills him after continue this
technical because I can you
guarantee that this one is a little bit more
complicated you have to master it you have to
someone with the blade who knows a little
little mastered his character and they know
down who's already used to managing the
blade because you will not do it
like this overnight
at least for those who have never
hit a blade so this tutorial does not
not for everyone I know
already I already see the prints them which
will say yes but I know how to do it
me since before even cropped
isort javel shut up my mouth so here
we'll calm down right now
is really for someone concerned
okay so if you know how to do it
jealous to leave the video we have on
stop there okay so here is already a
big big up with the people who is for
people who were with me so there
had had mortals and arms neither with
tanks that is big big albatross up
we were five sailboats so there is
really easy to do six there
had immortal who was in charge of
put the bubble right side for me for
charge to occupy the boomers during
that others shoot and on kraft has
himself even that I assure Coptic
also bigard not everyone
worried it's a nice job of equipped
happened is that I had just
put two or three work for the
to succeed is the first time
I was trying in d3 trail west and
it was not bad
so here we go right away
started as I get on the wear to
tell you a little bit what it takes
make
during this work though so here
already you have 30 seconds top chrono
once you have the sword in your hand
serves to make the bed wearing
more possible closer to possible
this stele
once it's done it'll have to
really going inflicted the squatting
same damage session ie a
combo r1 r2 small sword shots wholesale
sword shots that will have to make three
times ie small shot to make a
big shot tunes of little blow of
akin to big shot of r2 like at home
do a little bit of here a
big shot of sea ​​three times by
fall and you saw that it goes to
millimeter
you also saw that my first
shot of r1 did not pass he was
marked in immune because I have too much
scared fell a little bit too much
late
it's not serious and I'm just
speak a little bit during that time
of this margin of error you have a
margin of error you can knock down
to cropped in the core
if you do this technique and an air
RR of the Rhine and two each fallen
the soul twice but to the only
condition that you have only one r12
of error is to say that if you do not
do not pass a field that is a small
rat that does not go well agree
it does not matter if you do not
will not it's not 2 it's fucking you
see that in the end I just have
made this small mistake of typing a
little bit too soon and you go
see that in the end I just kill him
while I had done the job
perfect way ie if
you make a little air 1 that pass
disagree there by thuram years and over
you can already start
or so stopped before the fury for the
kill after others okay what
otherwise it's dead you and I tell you
right now you'll see from any
way by your own eyes only if
I put a little by little one more
who did not pass he would never fall
So that was the little girl
technique to make it fall like that
you will see we will go back and that
will be gone to put him his
last session here so I'd like to
same time pass a little message like
I have more or less fine is that
I had to tell you about this on this tutorial
to tell you that the links
missing I still have masses that
ask me to go there to tell you I have
335 messages waiting on the on the
but I can not accept
people in the missing links the
ch the clan is full so what I you
request is to be a little bit
patient because we eat enough
busy as I sort through the clan
links to see if there are any
inactive and that is to accept the most
active in
you are here so I ask you for a
little short time please what
it's not easy here and so it's
gone for the fallout you saw I
am still not in a rage so that wants
to say that this is where it's going to be at the
limit to the limit and so look good
the movements of the character I want to
also specify small precision that
if you want to inflict all this damage
with croupons it is necessary that at the same time
that you're typing with your clam that
you push your joystick towards
croupons if you do not touch
your joystick your perso is going to be great
slow in his blade maneuverability and
so you really will not be able to
you do not have the time I have
inflicted this damage there so when you
type hop you push your joystick
towards crotone as if you were advancing
on it and that will make your character
much faster and I do not know anymore
believe that the agility that makes up that
raise the speed of your
handling of the blade it seems to me that if
you have more agility
you have more speed in your
handling the personal self she is at
magic cleat and so I advise you
even if you put your age there
attack when you are a hunter
because in addition to allowing you to
typing faster you are more agile and
it allows you to climb a lot more
easily and so that's it in
waiting I hope this little tutorial
you liked it and that you arrived that you
will come sorry for making it to your
turn and me for my part I tell you to
next time for a next
video using on gaubert
at